This is a short description of each script:
+ 0-Makefile: My first Makefile.
+ 1-Makefile: Makefile to compile .c files using variables.
+ 2-Makefile: Makefile to compile .c files using .o files and variables.
+ 3-Makefile: Makefile to compile .c files using .o files and variables. Rules: all, clean, oclean, fclean and re. all: builds your executable; clean: deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files along with the executable; oclean: deletes the object files; fclean: deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files, the executable, and the object files; re: forces recompilation of all source files.
+ 4-Makefile: Makefile to compile .c files using .o files and variables. Compilation flags: -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic. Rules: all, clean, oclean, fclean and re. all: builds your executable; clean: deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files along with the executable; oclean: deletes the object files; fclean: deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files, the executable, and the object files; re: forces recompilation of all source files.
+ 5-island_perimeter.py: Function that returns the perimeter of the island described in grid. The grid is a list of list of integers where: 0 represents a water zone and 1 represents a land zone.
+ 100-Makefile: Makefile to compile .c files using .o files and variables. Compilation flags: -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic. Rules: all, clean, oclean, fclean and re. all: builds your executable; clean: deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files along with the executable; oclean: deletes the object files; fclean: deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files, the executable, and the object files; re: forces recompilation ofall source files.
